the studio one oo oe and and that's it
yes, but we are the same as before
so then yeah
Hello, my name is Diego, and I created this
channel
In this channel we will make legal and
josi idiots made videos
I do not know everything that comes in mind, we are going
it is first and foremost to see the
video like there is right here in the bar
Do you like what I have?
to do to spread my son
Please, make this video, I'm going to be a father.
I'm sure because I'm finding it paid
only affection and dancing the battle hero
the thalamus I would appreciate if you listen
today I will teach 101 what is
macro are these units each each
player has such an ability
here are the standard and macro you create south
the makro you can join two
skills is doing them they activate the
one time I got it with only two
I do not know if anyone can do it with more or
I do not know if anyone can do it.
video goal and put youtube
then that's it and fasten neighborhood
Way and macu well in your frames.
I'll teach you a little milestone here.
If you have any doubt, please copy
good
It's important that you remember
skills that you put you
put a picture so they can remember
that with the freedom that you have placed
then I would put uol the landu places
the critical name to those who come first and
abiliity
I'm going to run fast and stay invisible.
then I found fitch do not forget to shift
click shift skill on second
unity
I'll run first, then I'll go
invisible I come saved and sa
so I have a being
I go on the macuco and I tug until then it's easy
then we will use to seek invisible and
Spoon
n
i is not ready yet is not yet
soon understood
My gas is gone, so this is mine.
Elza macro 3 you go on the macro and
daycare 3 is not to be used at one time
I created a landmark here that you jump
on the enemy
you become invisible and attack only to
to use is this you have to use this
map again not only once he
will work you have that x more
since they are using this lobby here
without killing me
Look, you're far from living what you
killed
I'm fucking then that's it
I hope you understood and each one
created your monkey did not create your you go
spending hours creating a milestone is boring j
but you is not the photon was the owner
girls, that's not it, they like it
share favorite follow will be mass
This video is never as fun as I
I'm sleepy, and what's there?
I hope you have enjoyed creating your
Picture frames take pictures and I do not know what you
I wish it will be March next videos
that's it
See you